"Get-WinBackup-Status-Report.ps1" is a Powershell script that analyzes
given  Windows  Backup storage  directory  and  produces  report  that
display latest backup sets and their sizes.
.DESCRIPTION
The script is designed to handle a storage that may contain both  file
and volume image backup sets, produced by Windows Backup.

It can create report in two formats:  plain  text  and  HTML  and  can
either output report text to console or send it via email  as  message
body. The script locates most recent backup  sets  for  each  computer
that did produce backup set(s) to given  location  and  reports  them.
Older backup sets will be just not mentioned.
.PARAMETER Root
Denotes the root directory of Windows Backup storage.  Can  be  either
local or UNC path.
.PARAMETER txt
Produce report in plain text format. HTML format will be used if  this
parameter is omitted.
.PARAMETER mail
Send produced report to email instead of  simple  console  output.  If
invoked - further email-related  parameters  to  be  used  to  specify
details of mailserver and email  message.  Otherwise,  this  parameter
will be ignored.
.PARAMETER SmtpSrv
Hostname or IP address of SMTP server to use for email message sending.
.PARAMETER Port
TCP port number of given SMTP server (if it is not standard).
.PARAMETER To
Email addresses of recipient(s). Multiple addresses  to  be  separated
with commas.
.PARAMETER Fm
Sender's  email  address.  It  is  also  used  as  username  for  SMTP
authentication.
.PARAMETER Pwd
Password for SMTP authentication.
.PARAMETER Sub
Subject line for email message.
.EXAMPLE
Get-WinBackup-Status-Report.ps1 -root:\\srv-nas\netbackup
Generates report in HTML format for given UNC path and outputs  it  to
console.
.EXAMPLE
Get-WinBackup-Status-Report.ps1 \\srv-nas\netbackup -txt
Generates report in plain text format for given UNC path  and  outputs
it to console.
.EXAMPLE
Get-WinBackup-Status-Report.ps1 -root:D:\backup -mail -SmtpSrv:"192.168.1.10" -To:"sysadmin@platano.domain" -Fm:"nas-robot@platano.domain" -Pwd:"Pa$$wOrD" -Sub:"Windows Backup status report"
Generates report in HTML format for given UNC path and outputs  it  to
console.